# GenericTCR
Boilerplate Token Curated Registry Code
  Author: Michael Williams

This project was created as the final project for ConsenSys Academy’s 2018 Developer Program. The Token Curated Registry is instead an emerging cryptoeconomic primitive that is being explored by a community of developers today. The  basic premise is that the Token Curated Registry (TCR) acts as a dynamic list deemed valuable by the public (say, a list of the best pizza restaurants in New York City) that is curated not by a centralized organization (Yelp) but  instead by the public itself. Each TCR has its own token, and in theory the aggregate market capitalization of the tokens is only ever equal to the value generated by the list (proportional to the number of people who refer to the list to make decisions about where to eat pizza in NYC). Thus, the more a list is curated the more value it generates, and the more value it generates the more valuable the tokens become, which incentivizes individuals to curate the list from its inception when the tokens are cheap. This project provides generic boilerplate code for TCRs such that a list of any topic can be specified and launched by simply changing a few parameters.

In creating this project, I found myself in over my head to some extent (there are VC-backed development teams like DIRT who are wholly focusing on creating a generic TCR), forcing me to make a few compromises on its features. Foremost, this TCR does not have its own token. Implementing the creation of its own token and crowdsale in the main contract maxed out the block gas limit and greatly complicated each contract's logic so I  removed those features entirely. Moreover, the amount list applicants must place in a security deposit is hard coded as opposed to being a variable percentage of the total token supply, which would grant the list additional advantageous economic properties. However, the basic functionality of TCR is intact, and is described below.

At its heart, the TCR maintains the list of the names (and associated addresses) of entities approved by curators that is outward facing for the world to see. While most (of few) TCR's today feature lists of indefinite length, I have made this one exhibit a finite and specifiable length because I feel a list of finite length is inherently more valuable. When the TCR is created, this list is empty and any entity that desires to be on the list can send a fixed amount of ether to the contract as a security deposit and appear on the list automatically. Once the list is filled and another entity propositions to be on it by challenging a list incumbent, the public network of curators vote on who can stay on the list. Curators can research the two entities and cast one or more votes (depending on their confidence) by sending one or more wei to the contract for whomever they feel is better suited to be on the list. The voting mechanism utilizes the Partial-Lock Commit-Reveal voting scheme as illustrated in the ConsenSys Academy course in its discussion of the organization Colony. The workflow goes as follows: curators first request the right to vote in the poll by submitting tokens to the voting contract, commit their vote decision and amount secretly by hashing their vote choice with a random integer of their choice (called a salt) during a specifiable commit period timeframe, reveal their vote during a specifiable reveal period timeframe, and finally process the outcome for their personal funds after the poll has ended and votes tallied. If curators vote for the winning side, they stand to take a proportional share of the losing entity's security deposit AND the pool of tokens forfeited by those curators who voted incorrectly. For this reason there is a strong incentive to vote and vote for the better candidate.

To set up my project, simply download the zip file, decompress it, and open the file directory in your console. With Truffle installed run truffle test, in which all tests should pass if your software configuration is set up correctly. Then, in a separate tab on your console run Ganache and run the 'truffle migrate' command in the first tab to launch the contracts on the Ganache local development blockchain.
